README.md, before:

# Uno: Java style

## A virtual uno game coded completely in Java

Uno is a household staple I grew up with and still love to play to this day.
I enjoy both card games and video games, so I thought it would be a fun challenge
to attempt to code a "card video game" in Java as my first project.


This Uno game is currently for two players on a single device who want to have some fun! 
During a player's turn, their cards
will be shown, and when it's the next player's turn their cards will be shown. 


Here are some general Uno rules:
- Every player starts the round with 7 cards.
- There will be a draw pile. At the start of the game, a card will be picked from this
deck and will begin the discard pile.
- When it's your turn, you can choose to **EITHER** discard a card **OR** draw a card from the deck. 
- If you cannot play a card, you will have to draw a card from the deck.
- First person to get rid of all of their cards wins!

Have fun and good luck!

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add cards to my hand by "drawing" a card (picking up a card - 
adding multiple cards to player).
- As a user, I want to start with seven randomized cards in my hand.
- As a user, I want to be able to discard specific cards of my choosing. However, if I have no cards left, I 
don't want the ability to discard. 
- As a user, I want to be able to view my list of cards on my turn.
- As a user, I want to be able to save my game's progress to file before ending my game (e.g. what players 
I'm playing with and what cards they currently have in their hand)
- As a user, I want to be presented with the option to load a past game before beginning a new game.
- As a user, I want to be able to load a past game (e.g. the players I played with as well as their cards)

## Future Implementations (coming soon!)
- Player amount selection (ability to choose between 2-4 players)
- Only discarding cards that are of the same colour and/or number
- Specialty Cards (wild, reverse, + 2, etc.)
- Adding the ability to say "Uno!" when only one card remains

Commit message:

Completed phase 4 - added task 2 and task 3 to the README, refactored the card class so that it's robust and adjusted the tests, added my UML diagram drawing

README.md, after:

# Uno: Java style

## A virtual uno game coded completely in Java

Uno is a household staple I grew up with and still love to play to this day.
I enjoy both card games and video games, so I thought it would be a fun challenge
to attempt to code a "card video game" in Java as my first project.


This Uno game is currently for two players on a single device who want to have some fun! 
During a player's turn, their cards
will be shown, and when it's the next player's turn their cards will be shown. 


Here are some general Uno rules:
- Every player starts the round with 7 cards.
- There will be a draw pile. At the start of the game, a card will be picked from this
deck and will begin the discard pile.
- When it's your turn, you can choose to **EITHER** discard a card **OR** draw a card from the deck. 
- If you cannot play a card, you will have to draw a card from the deck.
- First person to get rid of all of their cards wins!

Have fun and good luck!

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add cards to my hand by "drawing" a card (picking up a card - 
adding multiple cards to player).
- As a user, I want to start with seven randomized cards in my hand.
- As a user, I want to be able to discard specific cards of my choosing. However, if I have no cards left, I 
don't want the ability to discard. 
- As a user, I want to be able to view my list of cards on my turn.
- As a user, I want to be able to save my game's progress to file before ending my game (e.g. what players 
I'm playing with and what cards they currently have in their hand)
- As a user, I want to be presented with the option to load a past game before beginning a new game.
- As a user, I want to be able to load a past game (e.g. the players I played with as well as their cards)

## Future Implementations (coming soon!)
- Player amount selection (ability to choose between 2-4 players)
- Only discarding cards that are of the same colour and/or number
- Specialty Cards (wild, reverse, + 2, etc.)

## Phase 4: Task 2
I have decided to implement the option of making a class robust. I've made
my Card class (in the model package) robust, with two exceptions being thrown -
an IllegalNumberException, and an IncorrectColourException. These exceptions are
caught in the drawFromDeck method in the unoFrame class, and prevent a card from
being generated with a number not in the range of [0, 9] or with a colour outside of
blue, green, yellow, or red. 

## Phase 4: Task 3
If I had more time to work on the project, I don't believe I'd make any significant 
refactoring changes. Personally, it makes sense to me to have all the classes as they are.
While it might look like there are a billion Panel classes, they each serve a significant 
purpose and having them all in one class would make it extremely hard to read and also
more difficult to deal with if I wanted to make changes in the future. I think also my 3
core classes in the model package are great as they are - they work well, and having my players 
separate from their cards added to a gamestate works logically. I think if I make some improvements
to include multiple players in the future this UML diagram will change, but I think as it is now
it makes sense! :)
